--------
NDO TODO
--------

Updated: 12/27/2005

There are still a number of things that need to be worked on with
this project they include.

1.  Change fields of type VARCHAR(255) to BLOBs.  VARCHAR fields were
    easier for me to debug things as I was developing this addon, but
    several text fields can be longer than 255 chars.  Nagios 3.0
    will allow multi-line plugin output, so this is especially important
    for future compatability.

2.  Creation of a data dictionary to clearly explain each field
    present in all the tables.  Also, define different possible values
    (constants) for each numeric field.  This will aid in the quick
    development of a new web interface based off the data.

3.  Creation of a SOCKSPLIT utility.  The NDO module will only write
    output to a single UNIX domain or TCP socket (this has been done to
    minimize the potential overhead within the Nagios daemon).  Since
    it might be useful to have output from the NDO module written to
    multiple databases (this would require multiple instances of the
    NDO2DB daemon to be running), there needs to be a way to replicate
    the output of the NDO module to more than one output socket. 
     The SOCKSPLIT utility will create a single UNIX domain socket and
    listen for an incoming connection request.  Upon a client connecting,
    any output from the client will be sent to multiple (destination)
    UNIX domain sockets.  An NDO2DB daemon can be listening on the other
    end of each destination socket.  The SOCKSPLIT utility will 
    incorporate some method of buffering data if one or more destination
    sockets are closed for a period of time.  This should make things
    resistant to situations where, for instance, NDO2DB daemons are
    unavailable because they are being restarted.

4.  Testing, testing, testing!  This addon has not been testing extensively
    and likely contains a number of bugs.  However, its a good start, so
    send me your comments and patches! 
